README.adoc, before:

= docker-nodejs-unresponsive-app

Simple node,js app NOT responding to any request except /manage/health or /api/health.

This application is used as a system test helper for circuit breaker scenarios in real environments.


The structure of this projects matches requirements for a Docker Hub Automated Build, e.g. https://hub.docker.com/r/eolio/docker-nodejs-unresponsive-app/


A corresponding Docker image can be used e.g. for a AWS EC2 Container deployment to get
a public available "unresponsive" application very quickly, e.g. http://ec2-35-156-94-40.eu-central-1.compute.amazonaws.com/manage/health




== API

Default behaviour is "unresponsive". The server then never
responds except for the health checks and responsive switch.

HTTP-GET for the switch is just used for fast testing convenience
and does not follow any REST-oriented approach (sorry).


.Available Methods
|===
|HTTP-Method |Uri |Response| Description

|GET
|/manage/health
|200
|Returns health and responsivity status

|GET
|/api/health
|200
|Returns health and responsivity status

|GET
|/manage/set_responsive
|200
|Sets the behaviour to "responsive"

|GET
|/manage/set_unresponsive
|200
|Sets the behaviour to "unresponsive"

|GET, POST
|/any/other/uri
|none (timeout)
|Server does not answer with (default) mode "unresponsive"

|GET, POST
|/any/other/uri
|200
|Server returns always with 200 with mode "responsive"
|===

"Unresponsive" := the server doesn't answer at all, if using
arbitrary uris except these /api/health and the /manage methods.


==== Manage Response Payload

The above mentioned /manage methods answer with OK-health
and the current (global) responsivity setting.

[[json-health]]
[source,json]
----
{
  "status": "OK",
  "responsivity": "unresponsive"
}
----


==== Response in "responsive" mode

If the server is set to "responsive", any Uri request
but the above mentioned /api/health and /manage methods
causes a HTTP 200-OK response together with a payload
containing the requested resource.

[[json-responsive]]
[source,json]
{
  "status": "OK",
  "requestUri": "/any/other/uri"
}

Commit message:

Support unresponsitivity for any TCP-based protocol

README.adoc, after:

= docker-nodejs-unresponsive-app

Simple Node.js app NOT responding to any TCP request (except for the HTTP maintenance endpoints).

This application is used as a system test helper for circuit breaker scenarios in real environments.
Although it is meant as an HTTP application, unresponsitivity can as well be tested with any TCP-based protocol.

The structure of this projects matches requirements for a Docker Hub Automated Build, e.g. https://hub.docker.com/r/eolio/docker-nodejs-unresponsive-app/


A corresponding Docker image can be used e.g. for a AWS EC2 Container deployment to get
a public available "unresponsive" application very quickly, e.g. http://ec2-35-156-94-40.eu-central-1.compute.amazonaws.com/manage/health




== API

Default behaviour is "unresponsive". The server then never
responds except for the health checks and responsive switch.

HTTP-GET for the switch is just used for fast testing convenience
and does not follow any REST-oriented approach (sorry).


.Available HTTP Methods
|===
|HTTP-Method |Uri |Response| Description

|GET
|/manage/health
|200
|Returns health and responsivity status

|GET
|/api/health
|200
|Returns health and responsivity status

|GET
|/manage/set_responsive
|200
|Sets the behaviour to "responsive"

|GET
|/manage/set_unresponsive
|200
|Sets the behaviour to "unresponsive"

|GET, POST
|/any/other/uri
|none (timeout)
|Server does not answer with (default) mode "unresponsive"

|GET, POST
|/any/other/uri
|200
|Server returns always with 200 with mode "responsive"
|===

"Unresponsive" := the server doesn't answer at all, if using
arbitrary uris except these /api/health and the /manage methods.


==== Manage Response Payload

The above mentioned /manage methods answer with OK-health
and the current (global) responsivity setting.

[[json-health]]
[source,json]
----
{
  "status": "OK",
  "responsivity": "unresponsive"
}
----


==== Response in "responsive" mode

If the server is set to "responsive", any Uri request
but the above mentioned /api/health and /manage methods
causes a HTTP 200-OK response together with a payload
containing the requested resource.

[[json-responsive]]
[source,json]
{
  "status": "OK",
  "requestUri": "/any/other/uri"
}
